Update Cloud:v8.5-performance-highlights.md with suggestion (#20307)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/v8.5-performance-highlights.md

TiDB v8.5.0 introduces multiple enhancements to mitigate the impact of cloud disk IO jitter on performance:

> - **Leader write optimization**: allows the leader to early apply not persisted but committed raft logs, reducing IO jitter's effect on write latency for the leader peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Leader write optimization**: allows the leader to apply committed but not yet persisted Raft logs early, reducing IO jitter's effect on write latency for the leader peer.
```

### Test results

> Observed from the preceding test setup, failovers are now improved in multiple IO delay scenarios, and P99/999 latency during impacts is reduced by up to 98%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the preceding test setup, failovers are now improved in multiple IO delay scenarios, and P99/999 latency during impacts is reduced by up to 98%.
```

### Further improvements

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Further improvements

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
